[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> A galactic federation of
extraterrestrials exists,
and world leaders know about it.
This is Gaia News.
Haim Eshed, the former head of
the Israeli Defense Ministry's
space division, made this
claim in a new interview
with Israeli paper,
Yedioth Ahronoth,
telling the paper aliens have
been in contact with the United
States and Israeli
governments for years,
but asked humans not to
reveal their presence
because the general
public is not ready.
He went on to say aliens
and human astronauts
are working in underground
bases on Mars, their mission
to understand the
fabric of the universe,
to find out what this all means.
We turn to Nick Pope
who worked for the UK's
Ministry of Defense
investigating UFOs
in the 1990s.
>> Frankly, there's not much
middle ground with something
like this.
This isn't some vague
hint that's been dropped.
This is up close and
personal direct allegations.
There's a Galactic
Federation, an alien presence.
We're being visited.
Governments know all about it
and were about to disclose,
but drew back at
the last moment.
Underground bases
on Mars, I mean,
either this is some sort
of elaborate practical joke
or publicity stunt, or
somebody genuinely in the
know is breaking ranks.
>> Haim Eshed's claims
may be extraordinary,
but he is not the only high
ranking government official
to come out with
disclosure stories.
>> There are some interesting
parallels here with Paul
Hellyer.
Hellyer, of course, was
the former Canadian defense
minister.
And indeed at one time
Deputy Prime Minister,
and he went on the
record some years
ago as saying,
absolutely, there's
an extraterrestrial
presence and some people,
within particularly the
United States government,
know all about it.
There have been some previous
high level whistleblowers.
One who comes to mind is
Admiral of the Fleet Lord Hill
Norton, Britain's most
senior military officer, who
some years ago said,
again absolutely firmly,
there's an alien
presence, there's
an associated
government cover up.
These were extraordinary
statements from somebody
who effectively was the
British equivalent of Chairman
of the Joint Chiefs.
>> If humanity is not
yet ready for disclosure,
how will alien life
reveal themselves to us?
>> I think these Israeli
revelations have to be
contextualized, and there's
a lot of other things going
on right now.
The Senate Intelligence
Committee earlier this year
demanded a report
from the director
of National Intelligence.
In response, the Pentagon set
up something called the UAP Task
Force.
Unidentified Aerial
Phenomena, that's the term
we use in government for UFOs.
And there have been
some intriguing leaks
from this organization.
I don't know that
it's disclosure
in terms of, my fellow
Americans, people of the world,
we're not alone, but
it's pretty darn close.
>> With these latest revelations
as well as the US establishment
of a UAP Task Force,
what will come next?
>> Within governments,
the military,
and the intelligence community,
and specifically within people
who have had some exposure
to this phenomenon,
is there more to come?
Absolutely, watch this space.
We are on one hell
of a ride right now,
and it's going to get even
more interesting, I guarantee.
>> Another high ranking
government official speaking
out about aliens among us,
this time not just claims
of extraterrestrial life,
but of human interaction
and the government cover up.
Will we see disclosure?
According to this report,
when humans are ready.
For a new perspective,
this is Gaia News.